Personal
Business
Kids & Teens
Company
Log in
Sign up

Read all about it

News & media

Everything you need to stay up to date with what’s going on at Revolut — and how to get in touch with any press enquiries.

Press enquiries
Got a media enquiry? Get in touch with us at media@revolut.com. Please note this mailbox can’t respond to customer requests.
Get in touch
Picture perfect

Want to use our branded assets anywhere? We’ve got you. Check out our Press Kit for logos, product shots, office photos and more.

Images for media
Latest news

Corporate

Revolut locks in Paris headquarters for Western Europe
8 April 2026

Corporate

Revolut Secures Organisation Authorisation in Peru, Moving to Formally Incorporate as a Bank
1 April 2026

Corporate

Revolut reports record profit of $2.3bn for 2025 as revenue surges to $6bn
24 March 2026

Corporate

Revolut Launches UK Bank
11 March 2026

Corporate

Revolut Files U.S. Bank Charter Application, Names New U.S. CEO
5 March 2026

Corporate

Revolut unveils the Official Audi Revolut F1 Team Card design and exclusive fan benefits ahead of Grand Prix debut in Melbourne
4 March 2026

Corporate

Revolut becomes a Global Partner and Official Back of Shirt Partner of Manchester City men's and women's first teams
13 February 2026

Corporate

Revolut Launches Full Banking Operations in Mexico, Accelerating Global Expansion
27 January 2026

Product & feature

Audi Revolut F1 Team opens new chapter with immersive Berlin spectacle
20 January 2026

Product & feature

Revolut to Enable Frictionless Checkout Across All Agentic Commerce Platforms for the UK and EEA
19 January 2026
View more
Need a hand?

If you’re a customer, we’ve got you covered. Browse our Help Centre for ready-made solutions, speak to us directly via the in-app chat, or head to our Contact Us page for more info.

Visit Contact Us
Choose your plan
Standard
Free

For the financial basics — everything you need for better money management in one place. Sending money abroad or sticking to a budget has never been easier.

Plus
€3.99/month

For the smart spender — access additional benefits like better limits for spending abroad and insurance for your purchases, on our affordable paid plan.

Premium
€9.99/month

For elevating every day — access exclusive subscriptions, better rates, and exchange unlimited amounts of money.

Metal
€17.99/month

For the global travellers and traders — relax with travel insurance, enjoy enhanced limits, and subscriptions worth €2,600 annually.

Ultra
€70/month

For those seeking the best of Revolut — get exceptional benefits like unlimited airport lounge access, monthly global data, partner subscriptions, and cancellation cover.

© 2026 Revolut Bank UAB

If you would like to find out more about which Revolut entity you receive services from, please check our corresponding FAQ page. If you have any other questions, please reach out to us via the in-app chat in the Revolut app. 

Revolut Bank UAB is a bank established in the Republic of Lithuania, with registration number 304580906, and FI code 70700. Revolut Bank UAB is licensed by the European Central Bank and regulated by the Bank of Lithuania. Revolut Bank UAB provides credit, payment, current account, and demand deposit account services. The deposits are covered by the Lithuanian Deposit Insurance System, but some exceptions may apply. Please refer to the Deposit Insurance Information document. More information on deposit insurance of the State Enterprise Deposit and Investment Insurance (Indėlių ir investicijų draudimas') is available at www.iidraudimas.lt. Revolut Bank UAB has established a branch in Belgium, under the partial supervision of the National Bank of Belgium and of the Financial Services and Markets Authority, company number BE0784.549.658 (RPM Brussels) with its address at Silversquare, Sq. de Meeûs 35, 1000 Bruxelles, Belgium.

Insurance distribution service is provided by Revolut Insurance Europe UAB, which is authorised by the Bank of Lithuania as an insurance broker undertaking, with registration number 305910164.

Investment services are provided by Revolut Securities Europe UAB (company code: 305799582), which is an investment firm authorised by the Bank of Lithuania.

The registered address of Revolut Bank UAB, Revolut Insurance Europe UAB, and Revolut Securities Europe UAB is at Konstitucijos ave. 21B, Vilnius, 08130, the Republic of Lithuania.

Commodities services are provided by Revolut Ltd and are not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Revolut Ltd (No. 08804411) has its registered office address at 30 South Colonnade, London E14 5HX, United Kingdom.

Cryptocurrency products are provided either by:

(i) Revolut Digital Assets Europe Ltd (RDAEL), a private company registered in the Republic of Cyprus (no. HE430310) with registered address Omonoias, 13, Soho Office (Embassy), 3052, Limassol, Cyprus. RDAEL is licensed by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (License No. 001/2025) as a Crypto Asset Service Provider (CASP) under EU Regulation 2023/1114 on markets in crypto-assets (MiCA); or

(ii) Revolut Ltd (No. 08804411), a company that is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (Firm Reference 900562), and is registered with the Financial Conduct Authority to offer cryptocurrency services under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017. Registered address: 30 South Colonnade, London E14 5HX, United Kingdom.

Depending on whether clients have accepted the RDAEL terms and conditions either during the creation of their cryptocurrency account or the migration of EEA clients from Revolut Ltd to RDAEL.

Company
Sustainability
Code of Conduct
Crypto
Crypto
Revolut X
Global Finances
International Transfers
Lounges
Insurance
Investments
Stocks
Robo-Advisor
ETFs
Bonds
Mobile & Connectivity
Data Plans
Help
Contact Us
Help Centre
System Status
Developers API
Site Map
Security & Protection
How We Protect Your Money
Report Lost Device
Learn About Fraud & Scams
Security Bugs
Consumer Security Insight Report
Accounts
Bank Account
Joint Account
Professional Account
Parents and guardians
Basic Account
Plans
Standard
Plus
Premium
Metal
Ultra
Compare Plans
Smart Spending
Cards
Send & Receive
Money Management
RevPoints
Linked Accounts
Belgium
English
Website Terms
Legal Agreements
Complaints
Customer Vulnerability
Data Privacy Statement for Candidates
Privacy